{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 KNOWN BUGS\
\
- Sound calls are stacking. Whenever a cue (or action) with a sound plays, the sound gets called 
\i twice
\i0  instead of once like it's supposed to.\
- Reward condition checking isn't working correctly. In the "Pop a Balloon" scene, 
\i all 
\i0 the balloons are supposed to have a "popped" state before the "reward cue" will play, and the popped state should only be present after a "pop" action has been performed on a balloon, but the reward cue will play after the first balloon and each time afterwards.\
- In the XML version of PopABalloon, I never stop OpenEars from listening, so it currently tries to process all sound effects and narration as voice input.\
- OpenEars is still very temperamental. Sometimes it recognizes everything you say--sometimes it doesn't. That could be because calibration happens while the narration is running, which confuses it\'85?\
\
SUGGESTIONS\
\
- Methods concerning "plural" actors (i.e. actors that you describe only once but add multiple instances of to the scene--like the balloons) appear in a number of classes because of an imports problem. I would recommend exposing those methods and their relevant data sources (e.g. GameStage getNamesForPluralActorPrefix & getObjectsForPluralActorPrefix) through a protocol so that they only have to be implemented once.\
- Be careful with initialization for all "Game" prefix objects. They are constructed in the properly in StageLoader, but there's very little in their actual class files to indicate proper order.\
\
IMPORTANT NOTES\
\
- Xcode DOES NOT like files with the "lm" extension, which is the default extension for OpenEars language models.\
- OpenEars correctness or confidence scores are 
\i really
\i0  inconsistent from phrase to phrase. For example, with "LEFT," I would normally register a value between 0 and -200 if I spoke correctly. On the other hand, with "POP A BALLOON", I would typically register between -900 and -1600 when I spoke correctly. Also, it would frequently miss the "A" in the middle. I suspect this might change from child to child as well? It seems like something in need of empirical testing.\
- The pure-code implementation of PopABalloon (which works mainly with GameCharacter) is a lot less buggy than the XML version, but it lacks a few of the features that were added AFTER the XML loader was put into place.}